README.md, before:

# subtitle-downloader
Download subtittle from Addic7ed thanks to https://github.com/matcornic/addic7ed

## Installment 
First, copy the `config/config.json.dist` file to `config/config.development.json`

```shell
cp config/config.json.dist config/config.development.json
```

Then you could set your own default values for Language, serverDirPath, DesktopDirPath etc...

## Build
To build sources to an executable, go to `src` directory, then run 

```shell
go build -o ../bin/subtitle-downloader .
```

## Usage
Go to `bin` directory, then run

```shell
./subtitle-downloader
```

If you want to skip the optional questions (such as Language and Directory path) and use the default values defined
on config/config.json file, you can add the flag `--fast` when you're running the command : 

```shell
./subtitle-downloader --fast
```

### Usage Examples

#### Standard Usage
![demo](doc/screenshots/demo.gif)

#### Fast Option Usage
![demo_Fast_Option](doc/screenshots/demo_fast_option.gif)

### Warning cases

#### Unexpected Directory Input
![Unexpected Directory Input](doc/screenshots/warnings/unexpected-directory-input.png)

The input received for the Directory Path does not exist on the list.
In this case, the default directory path will be set

#### Unexpected Language Input
![Unexpected Language Input](doc/screenshots/warnings/unexpected-language-input.png)

The input received for the Language does not exist on the list.
In this case, the default language path will be set

#### Mismatch subtitle versions
![Mismatch subtitle versions](doc/screenshots/warnings/mismatched-subtitle-versions.png)

Each subtitle is linked to a version. This version is contained on the Episode name.
When the version contained in the Episode name seems to be different from the found one, 
this message is displayed to let you check the versions' compatibility

#### Missing Targeted Directory
![Missing Targeted Directory](doc/screenshots/warnings/missing-targeted-directory.png)

If the directory does not exist, it will be created automatically before downloading subtitles.

### Failure cases
#### Episode name is invalid
![Episode Name is invalid](doc/screenshots/errors/unable-to-parse-episode-name.png)

We are waiting a specific format for the Episode name. In fact the Episode name should look like this
```
<TVShowName>.S<SEASON>E<EPISODE>-<VERSION>
```

<b>Example</b>: `The.Falcon.and.The.Winter.Soldier.S01E03.Power.Broker-TOMMY`

#### Episode Not found
![Episode Not Found](doc/screenshots/errors/episode-not-found.png)

The Episode was not found on the addic7ed servers.

#### Subtitle Not Found For Language
![Subtitle Not Found For Language.png](doc/screenshots/errors/subtitle-not-found-for-language.png)

The Episode has no subtitles for the chosen language

Commit message:

chore: Create a Makefile to manage the project commands

README.md, after:

# subtitle-downloader
Download subtittle from Addic7ed thanks to https://github.com/matcornic/addic7ed

## Quick start 
You could use the executable by using the command 

```shell
make execute
```
This command is going to init, build, then execute the project. 
You'll have more details about each step bellow.

## Installment 
### Initialize the config file structure
First, You've to initialize the project. To do so, just run

```shell
make init
```

Then you could set your own default values for the project' settings : 
* Language
* serverDirPath
* DesktopDirPath 
* etc...

### Build the executable
To build sources to an executable, go to `src` directory, then run 

```shell
make build
```

## Usage
Just run then run

```shell
make execute
```

If you want to skip the optional questions (such as Language and Directory path) and use the default values defined
on config/config.json file, you can add the flag `--fast` when you're running the command : 

```shell
make execute OPT='--fast'
```

### Usage Examples

#### Standard Usage
![demo](doc/screenshots/demo.gif)

#### Fast Option Usage
![demo_Fast_Option](doc/screenshots/demo_fast_option.gif)

### Warning cases

#### Unexpected Directory Input
![Unexpected Directory Input](doc/screenshots/warnings/unexpected-directory-input.png)

The input received for the Directory Path does not exist on the list.
In this case, the default directory path will be set

#### Unexpected Language Input
![Unexpected Language Input](doc/screenshots/warnings/unexpected-language-input.png)

The input received for the Language does not exist on the list.
In this case, the default language path will be set

#### Mismatch subtitle versions
![Mismatch subtitle versions](doc/screenshots/warnings/mismatched-subtitle-versions.png)

Each subtitle is linked to a version. This version is contained on the Episode name.
When the version contained in the Episode name seems to be different from the found one, 
this message is displayed to let you check the versions' compatibility

#### Missing Targeted Directory
![Missing Targeted Directory](doc/screenshots/warnings/missing-targeted-directory.png)

If the directory does not exist, it will be created automatically before downloading subtitles.

### Failure cases
#### Episode name is invalid
![Episode Name is invalid](doc/screenshots/errors/unable-to-parse-episode-name.png)

We are waiting a specific format for the Episode name. In fact the Episode name should look like this
```
<TVShowName>.S<SEASON>E<EPISODE>-<VERSION>
```

<b>Example</b>: `The.Falcon.and.The.Winter.Soldier.S01E03.Power.Broker-TOMMY`

#### Episode Not found
![Episode Not Found](doc/screenshots/errors/episode-not-found.png)

The Episode was not found on the addic7ed servers.

#### Subtitle Not Found For Language
![Subtitle Not Found For Language.png](doc/screenshots/errors/subtitle-not-found-for-language.png)

The Episode has no subtitles for the chosen language
